right so you know that I go watch every
movie I possibly can for you guys and I
go into each one willing to give it a
chance even if it ain't for me
so I went into this thing wanting to
appreciate the message laugh at a couple
of the jokes that weren't stolen and see
if this would be a decent stream if for
those eating ice cream and not wanting
to leave their house to just get a
confident boost which it was let me
explain
so this movies about how some of us just
you know never feel that confidence that
pretty people do how some people go out
and just get ignored in public which
never happens to me since every time I
go out people go is that a damn cartoon
walking down the street all been there
we're here you know trying your 18th
hair tutorial and your hair just is
coming out like Johnny Bravo's hashtag
so relatable well the thing with this
one is that I'm all for people bettering
themselves right I'm all for people
accepting themselves for who they are so
with the gimmick being that she hits her
head during cycling and I mean no joke
smacks that noggin I thought that her
looking in the mirror her looking at
herself and thinking that she was pretty
was because she was finally accepting
who she is like she finally appreciated
the body that she had and that was the
message for all of the girls around nope
not at all turns out this is shallow
hell where everyone is seeing Shamu
except for like that one person in the
movie who's seeing this super thin model
like she talks about how toned her body
is now that she has a six-pack and I'm
like how are you shopping for new
clothes if you think you're a size 2 but
you gotta buy a size 10 a movie 101 show
don't tell so like if you're emphasizing
that you're seeing a skinny version of
yourself then shouldn't the audience at
least when we're looking in the mirror
be seeing it from your perspective no we
just just gonna give ourselves some more
screen time okay so now she has all this
confidence in the world because she
feels pretty and thinks that every dude
whistling is out for her she gets the
receptionist job at the cosmetic brand
place that she loves because she thinks
she's hot when when really they're
coming out with a lower-end target line
of their product and they decide I her
and look I'm not gonna deny that I
didn't laugh in this movie I thought the
friends were funny they got some good
material Michelle Williams hi boy sounds
like she's still not over Mark Wahlberg
making more money than
her there was a joke that a bartender
says in this movie where he goes sorry
pal I didn't ask for a podcast that I'll
be using whenever anyone starts talking
too much but for every good joke that
there was in the movie there's also a me
doing this
[Applause]
[Music]
I mean she's looking at herself in the
mirror during sex because she's getting
her own self off she's ruining her
friends relationships because she don't
think they're hot enough to deal with
men she's treating people who aren't up
to her standards the same way she was
being treated so you see she ain't even
that different when she's given this of
course she then hits her head again
eventually and like I don't know why
they mentioned this in the movie that
she doesn't shower for several days
there's a point when she has blood on
her forehead
and she don't shower because she's ugly
again obviously you guys don't know how
this is gonna add and she eventually
looks at both of her pictures and
realizes that oh she looked the same the
whole time she embraces her confidence
becomes the face of the cosmetic line
along with every normal-looking girl out
there she gets back with a boyfriend
after he picks her nose and she utters
the most magical words that will not
only bring confidence to young girls
around the world that will bring
feminism to the forefront vagina vagina
damn girl I mean forget it but you bring
it up more than little Wayne thank you
guys for checking out this video as
always I'm curious know your thoughts
down below in the comment section like I
said I think it's a decent stream it
from home some people want to go into
this movie and there is a message at the
end at the end but the rest of it is
this interesting thing about her just
wanting to flaunt herself so I mean is
it really any different than the model
she's trying to make fun of there's even
a point where where she kind of calls
out a model saying that she's not
allowed to go through depression because
she because she's skinny oh no if y'all
remember amy schumer was a part of the
whole Netflix debacle where her
self-confidence kind of changed the
writing system from stars on Netflix to
thumbs-up and thumbs-down well that's a
little thing to think about when you
start considering that this movie is all
about her flaunting your confidence
again so don't forget to let me know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section what you want me to cover next
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll ship you that Amy
Schumer confidence which clearly needs
reassurance and that's why she makes
movies like these